values: Add Constructive Candor (#776)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/company/values.md

1. Think big picture: It’s not “your” issue/bug, the whole community can have
opinions and provide suggestions.

> ### ⛑️ Constructive Candor
> 
> 1. Feedback aids growth: Tell others what they can improve.  
> 1. Share feedback directly; with candor and consideration how it will be received.
> Don’t be arrogant while sharing what others have to improve; it’s about them, not you.
> 1. Assume positive intent when receiving feedback. When you feel defensive it’s OK to
>  respond later.
> 1. Be optimistic, treat situations as if a positive outcome is always possible.
> 1. Be open and honest about your own mistakes, take ownership of them and their resolve.
> 1. Appreciate another. Say thanks often, preferably in public.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ⛑️ Constructive Candor

1. Feedback aids growth: it reinforces what is good and helps drive improvement where needed
1. Be considerate: feedback is about helping others to improve, not scoring points. Use care and consideration of how it will be received.
1. Assume positive intent when receiving feedback. When you feel defensive it’s OK to
 respond later.
1. Be optimistic, treat situations as if a positive outcome is always possible.
1. Be open and honest about your own mistakes, take ownership of them and their resolve.
1. Appreciate each other. Say thanks often, preferably in public.

```

I think the opening line feels a bit negative - we want feedback to reinforce good work as well as help drive improve.

Author: @knolleary The only thing I'm missing in the text is the "see something, say something" mentality; I think issues should generally be brought up early. Discussing feedback when it's small is better.

How about the second line as:

> 1. Share feedback sooner rather than later: Small challenges are fast to remedy. Use care and consideration of how it will be received.

Reviewer: I agree that is a point worth covering. But I think combining it with the second item is combining two different ideas.

At the risk of making it a longer list, how about we add a *new* item in the 2nd position:

> 1. Provide timely feedback: it is better to address things when they are fresh in our minds and quicker to remedy.

Author: ```suggestion
### ⛑️ Constructive Candor

1. Feedback aids growth: it reinforces what is good and helps drive improvement where needed.
1. Be considerate: feedback is about helping others to improve, not scoring points. Use care and consideration of how it will be received.
1. Provide timely feedback: it is better to address things when they are fresh in our minds and quicker to remedy.
1. Assume positive intent when receiving feedback. When you feel defensive it’s OK to
 respond later.
1. Be optimistic, treat situations as if a positive outcome is always possible.
1. Be open and honest about your own mistakes, take ownership of them and their resolve.
1. Appreciate each other. Say thanks often, preferably in public.

```
